[Music]
hammed abua doesn't want to leave his
beloved home is now the mass grave of
his entire
family a makeshift tent on the rubble is
home
[Music]
now I live in this tent it is really
hard for me at this age all five members
of my family were killed my son fatty
his wife and daughter my son Ahmed and
my granddaughter Salma I am still
recovering parts of their bodies we used
to keep cats at home and feed them those
cats helped me a lot in looking for
pieces of my children's dismembered
bodies I am assisted by pets they sniff
here and there once led me to lift a
concrete block where I found parts of my
children's
bodies on October 17 an Israeli air
strike targeted their home in
Rafa some were pulled out from the
rubble and taken to the Kuwaiti hospital
but all 12 12 members of hammad's family
were
killed including women and children
Israeli forces insist they're targeting
quote
terrorists the Israeli occupation forces
are bombarding us without Mercy but this
will not deter us I wish I can join my
children and grandchildren in heaven
soon may they all rest in peace and to
God we shall all
return
in the last 124 days of the war on Gaza
those Left Behind have frantically
searched for their family after each
Israeli
strike he says she's the soul of my soul
another grandfather whose stoic patience
went viral across the
globe grandparents like khid insist they
only carry the memory of their
grandchildren from the days of happiness
hammed is among the grandparents of Gaza
who refuse to leave or let their grief
to find
them the reason I am staying in this
tent is that I want to be around not
only to try to recover pieces of my
children and grandchildren's bodies but
also I want to hoist a big banner here
saying standing our ground we're not
leaving our homeland I am the only
Survivor of my family and I pray God
Almighty to take me to his Mercy soon I
want to join them in
heaven life may be dire with the cold
shortage of food and water and no
security but Palestinians say they'll
remain until they can live on their land
with
[Music]
dignity Usama bin Javid
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer